Great war on Jupiter
It can form an independent space
You can't feel the outside world at all
The five-element grand formation of my Yunxiao Sect is the ancient grand formation
mysterious anomaly
The formation claims to be an independent space
Those who enter the battle are perceived by the cute girl
Unless the array node is found
There is no way to break the robbery with brute force
Tianxiaoxiao
You're not bragging, are you?
This five-element formation is as powerful as you said
This formation has been extensive and profound
The historical background of your freesia gate is insufficient
Of course I don't understand
All the hype
How do you know my apprentice?
I can't find your formation node.
Break out of the formation
Sect Master Ouyang seems to really not understand.
This formation comes from ancient times
Hard to learn
To find the array node
Unless you have been kissing everyone for decades
Only possible
Your apprentice's hair is not even grown
I still want to break the formation
Hmph, it's a fantasy
This night Wuji will lose if he doesn't even enter the mountain gate
This Canglan Gate is embarrassing and thrown into grandma's house
What kind of formation is this?
Is it really that powerful?
Wuji, you can't be careless!
It's broken, night vision hell is dangerous now